# Terms of Use

Effective date: 2022-10-13

Welcome to AfterHour. Please read on to learn the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our website(s), products, services and applications (the "Services"). If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding these terms or the Services, please contact us at:

Email: support@afterhour.com

Address: 2261 Market Street #4724, San Francisco, CA 94114

These Terms of Use (the "Terms") are a binding contract between you and **AFTERHOUR INC.** ("AfterHour," "we" and "us"). Your use of the Services in any way means that you agree to all of these Terms, and these Terms will remain in effect while you use the Services. You represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age and can form a binding contract. If you're agreeing to these Terms on behalf of an organization or entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on that organization's or entity's behalf and bind them to these Terms (in which case, the references to "you" and "your" in these Terms, except for in this sentence, refer to that organization or entity). These Terms include the provisions in this document as well as those in the [Privacy Policy](https://afterhour.com/privacy). **Your use of or participation in theServices may also be subject to additional policies, rules and/or conditions ("Additional Terms"), which are incorporated herein by reference, and you understand and agree that by using or participating in the Services, you agree to also comply with these Additional Terms.**

**Please read these Terms carefully.** They cover important information about the Services provided to you and any charges, taxes, and fees we bill you. **These Terms include information about future changes to these Terms, automatic renewals, limitations of liability, a class action waiver and resolution of disputes by arbitration instead of in court. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO THESERVICES ARE SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE FOLLOWING, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.**

**ARBITRATION NOTICE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER:** EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SECTION BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.

## Will AfterHour ever change the Services?

We're always trying to improve the Services, so they may change over time. We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features or impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services. We'll try to give you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you, but this isn't always practical. We reserve the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that Content in violation of these Terms), in our sole discretion, and without notice.

## Will these Terms ever change?

We are constantly trying to improve the Services, so these Terms may need to change along with the Services. We reserve the right to change the Terms at any time, but if we do, we will place a notice on our site located at https://afterhour.com, send you an email, and/or notify you by some other means.

If you don't agree with the new Terms, you are free to reject them; unfortunately, that means you will no longer be able to use the Services. If you use the Services in any way after a change to the Terms is effective, that means you agree to all of the changes.

Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by both you and us.

## What about my privacy?

AfterHour takes the privacy of its users very seriously. For the current AfterHour Privacy Policy, please click here\<LINK\>.

### Children's Online Privacy Protection Act

The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age; if you are under 18 years of age, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any personal information. If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 years of age may have provided us personal information, please contact us at [support@afterhour.com](mailto:support@afterhour.com).

### Messaging

As part of the Services, you may receive communications through the Services, including messages that AfterHour sends you (for example, via email or SMS). When signing up for the Services, you will receive an authentication message and instructions on how to stop receiving messages. **By signing up for the Services and providing us with your wireless number, you confirm that you want AfterHour to send you information that we think may be of interest to you, which may include AfterHour using automated dialing technology to text you at the wireless number you provided, and you agree to receive communications from AfterHour, and you represent and warrant that each person you register for the Services or for whom you provide a wireless phone number has consented to receive communications from AfterHour.** Note the if you elect to receive text messages through the Services, data and message rates may apply. Any and all such charges, fees or costs are your sole responsibility. You should consult with your wireless carrier to determine what rates, charges, fees or costs may apply to your use of the Services.

### Information AfterHour collects from my financial account(s)

The information AfterHour receives from the financial product and service providers that maintain your Financial Account(s) (as defined below) may include information from all accounts accessible through a single set of account credentials. In general, we collect identifiers, commercial information, financial information, and professional information from your financial product and service providers, which include the following types of information:

1. account information, including financial institution name, account name, account type, account ownership, branch number, IBAN, BIC, account number, routing number, and sort code;

1. identifiers and information about the account owner(s), including name, email, address, phone number, date of birth, and address information; and

1. information about account transactions, including amount, balance, date, payee, type, quantity, price, location, involved securities, and a description of the transaction.

## What are the basics of using AfterHour?

You may be required to sign up for an account, select a password and user name ("AfterHour User ID"), and provide us with certain information or data, such as your contact information. You promise to provide us with accurate, complete, and updated registration information about yourself. You may not select as your AfterHour User ID a name that you do not have the right to use, or another person's name with the intent to impersonate that person. You may not transfer your account to anyone else without our prior written permission.

To be eligible to open or have an account you must be at least 18 years old, and otherwise be legally permitted to have an account and in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Applicable Law, as well as any other eligibility criteria we may implement from time to time. "Applicable law" includes all federal securities laws and regulations, the applicable laws and regulations, the applicable laws and regulations of any state or jurisdiction, the rules of any applicable self-regulatory organization of which AfterHour is a member and rules, regulations, customs, and usages of the exchange or market or clearing house, if any, where transactions are executed.

You will only use the Services for your own internal, non-commercial use, and not on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to you.

The Services may contain links to third-party websites, products, or services, which may be posted by our affiliates, you, other users or us ("Third Party Content"). Third Party Content is not under our control, and we are not responsible for any third party's websites, products, or services or users' information, advice, and posts. Your use of Third Party Content is at your own risk and you should make any investigation you feel necessary before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third Party Content.

The Services may include providing applications programming interfaces ("API") that enable electronic connectivity with external financial accounts or other digital asset accounts, maintained by a third party such as Robinhood, TD Ameritrade, Fidelity investments, or Charles Schwab (each, a "Financial Account") to which you control or have access to. Each Financial Account is governed by separate terms not provided by AfterHour, and you may need to provide additional information when linking with Financial Accounts. Please review all terms applicable to such Financial Account. You agree that your use of Financial Accounts and information collection by the providers of the Financial Accounts are governed solely by your separate agreement with the provider of the respective Financial Account and not by these Terms. By linking your Financial Account(s) to the Services, you hereby authorize AfterHour to obtain all information made available by the providers of such Financial Accounts through such APIs. You agree that your decision to make available any sensitive or confidential information is your sole responsibility and at your sole risk. AfterHour has no control and makes no representations as to the use or disclosure of information provided to other users or third parties. You agree that these Financial Accounts are not under AfterHour's control and that AfterHour is not responsible for any third party's use of your information.

Additionally, you may be able to access certain parts or features of the Services by using your account credentials from other services (each, a "Third Party Account"), such as those offered by Google and Twitter. By using the Services through a Third Party Account, you permit us to access certain information from such account for use by the Services. You are ultimately in control of how much information is accessible to us and may exercise such control by adjusting your privacy settings on your Third Party Account.

You will not share your AfterHour User ID, account or password with anyone, and you must protect the security of your AfterHour User ID, account, password, Financial Account authentication credentials, and any other access tools or credentials. You are responsible for any activity associated with your AfterHour User ID and account.

_Competitors_

No competing company or any employee, independent contractor, agent or affiliate acting therefore may download, install, use or access the Services without AfterHour's express written consent. By viewing, using, or accessing the Services, you represent and warrant that you are not a past, present or anticipated competitor of AfterHour or any of its affiliates, nor acting on behalf of an AfterHour competitor in using or accessing the Services.

# Are there restrictions in how I can use the Services?

You represent, warrant, and agree that you will not provide or contribute anything, including any Content or User Submission (as those terms are defined below), to the Services, or otherwise use or interact with the Services, in a manner that:

1. infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or any other rights of anyone else (including AfterHour);
2. violates any law or regulation, including, without limitation, any applicable export control laws, securities laws, privacy laws or any other purpose not reasonably intended by AfterHour;
3. is dangerous, harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;
4. jeopardizes the security of your AfterHour User ID, account or anyone else's (such as allowing someone else to log in to the Services as you);
5. attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other user;
6. violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes;
7. runs Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Services, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged into the Services, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services' infrastructure);
8. "crawls," "scrapes," or "spiders" any page, data, or portion of or relating to the Services or Content (through use of manual or automated means);
9. copies or stores any significant portion of the Content; or
10. decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the Services.

A violation of any of the foregoing is grounds for termination of your right to use or access the Services.

## What are my rights in the Services?

The materials displayed or performed or available on or through the Services, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, data, articles, photos, images, illustrations, User Submissions (as defined below) and so forth (all of the foregoing, the "Content") are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws. You promise to abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content you access through the Services, and you won't use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell, commercialize or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content not owned by you, (i) without the prior consent of the owner of that Content or (ii) in a way that violates someone else's (including AfterHour's) rights.

Subject to these Terms, we grant each user of the Services a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use (i.e., to download and display locally) Content solely for purposes of using the Services. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for any purpose other than using the Services is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from us. You understand that AfterHour owns the Services. You won't modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, or otherwise exploit any of the Services. The Services may allow you to copy or download certain Content, but please remember that even where these functionalities exist, all the restrictions in this section still apply.

## What about anything I contribute to the Services – do I have to grant any licenses to AfterHour or to other users?

### User Submissions

Anything you post, upload, share, store, or otherwise provide through the Services is your "User Submission". Some User Submissions may be viewable by other users. You are solely responsible for all User Submissions you contribute to the Services. You represent that all User Submissions submitted by you are accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

You agree that you will not post, upload, share, store, or otherwise provide through the Services any User Submissions that: (i) infringe any third party's copyrights or other rights (e.g., trademark, privacy rights, etc.); (ii) contain sexually explicit content or pornography; (iii) contain hateful, defamatory, or discriminatory content or incite hatred against any individual or group; (iv) exploit minors; (v) depict unlawful acts or extreme violence; (vi) depict animal cruelty or extreme violence towards animals; (vii) promote fraudulent schemes, multi-level marketing (MLM) schemes, get rich quick schemes, online gaming and gambling, cash gifting, work from home businesses, or any other dubious money-making ventures; or (viii) that violate any law.

### Licenses

In order to display your User Submissions on the Services, and to allow other users to enjoy them (where applicable), you grant us certain rights in those User Submissions (see below for more information). Please note that all of the following licenses are subject to our Privacy Policy\<LINK\> to the extent they relate to User Submissions that are also your personally-identifiable information.

By submitting User Submissions through the Services, you hereby do and shall grant AfterHour a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, edit, modify, truncate, aggregate, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Submissions in connection with this site, the Services and our (and our successors' and assigns') businesses, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of this site or the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds), and including after your termination of your account or the Services. You also hereby do and shall grant each user of this site and/or the Services a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access your User Submissions through this site and/or the Services, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Submissions, including after your termination of your account or the Services. For clarity, the foregoing license grants to us and our users do not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Submissions, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Submissions, unless otherwise agreed in writing. You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.

Certain features of the Services allow you to share information with others, including through your social networks or other Financial Accounts. When Content is authorized for sharing, we will clearly identify the Content you are authorized to redistribute and the ways you may redistribute it, usually by providing a "share" button on or near the Content. If you share information from the Services with others through your Financial Accounts or Third Party Accounts, such as your social networks, you authorize AfterHour to share that information with the applicable Third Party Account provider. Please review the policies of any Third Party Account providers you share information with or through for additional information about how they may use your information. If you redistribute Content, you must be able to edit or delete any Content you redistribute, and you must edit or delete it promptly upon our request.

Finally, you understand and agree that AfterHour, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Services to our users (including you), may need to make changes to your User Submissions to conform and adapt those User Submissions to the technical requirements of connection networks, devices, services, or media, and the foregoing licenses include the rights to do so.

## Who is responsible for what I see and do on the Services?

Any information or Content publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated, and you access all such information and Content at your own risk, and we aren't liable for any errors or omissions in that information or Content or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it. We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. We can't guarantee the identity of any users with whom you interact in using the Services and are not responsible for which users gain access to the Services.

You are responsible for all Content you contribute, in any manner, to the Services, and you represent and warrant you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in which you contribute it.

The Services may contain links or connections to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by AfterHour. When you access third-party websites or use third-party services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that AfterHour is not responsible for such risks.

AfterHour has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third-party websites or by any third party that you interact with through the Services. In addition, AfterHour will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any third-party site or service. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third-party website or service that you visit or utilize. By using the Services, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or service.

Your interactions with users found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties. You agree that AfterHour shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings.

If there is a dispute between participants regarding the Services, or between users and any third party, you agree that AfterHour is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you release AfterHour, its directors, officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or the Services. You shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542 or any similar law of any jurisdiction, which says in substance: "A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party."

## Do the Services cost anything?

The Services are currently free, but we reserve the right to charge for certain or all Services in the future. We will notify you before any Services you are then using begin carrying a fee, and if you wish to continue using such Services, you must pay all applicable fees for such Services.

## What if I want to stop using the Services?

You're free to do that at any time by contacting us at support@afterhour.com; please refer to our [Privacy Policy](https://afterhour.com/privacy), as well as the licenses above, to understand how we treat information you provide to us after you have stopped using the Services.

AfterHour is also free to terminate (or suspend access to) your use of the Services or your account for any reason in our discretion, including your breach of these Terms. AfterHour has the sole right to decide whether you are in violation of any of the restrictions set forth in these Terms.

Account termination may result in destruction of any Content associated with your account, so keep that in mind before you decide to terminate your account. We will try to provide advance notice to you prior to our terminating your account so that you are able to retrieve any important User Submissions you may have stored in your account (to the extent allowed by law and these Terms), but we may not do so if we determine it would be impractical, illegal, not in the interest of someone's safety or security, or otherwise harmful to the rights or property of AfterHour.

If you have deleted your account by mistake, contact us immediately at support@afterhour.com – we will try to help, but unfortunately, we can't promise that we can recover or restore anything.

Provisions that, by their nature, should survive termination of these Terms shall survive termination. By way of example, all of the following will survive termination: any obligation you have to pay us or indemnify us, any limitations on our liability, any terms regarding ownership or intellectual property rights, and terms regarding disputes between us, including without limitation the arbitration agreement.

## What about Mobile Applications and In-App Purchases?

You acknowledge and agree that the availability of our mobile application is dependent on the third party stores from which you download the application, e.g., the App Store from Apple or the Android app market from Google (each an "App Store"). Each App Store may have its own terms and conditions to which you must agree to before downloading mobile applications from such store, including the specific terms relating to Apple App Store set forth below. You agree to comply with, and your license to use our application is conditioned upon your compliance with, such App Store terms and conditions. To the extent such other terms and conditions from such App Store are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in these Terms of Use apply.

## I use the AfterHour App available via the Apple App Store – should I know anything about that?

These Terms apply to your use of all the Services, including our iOS applications (the "Application") available via the Apple, Inc. ("Apple") App Store, but the following additional terms also apply to the Application:

1. Both you and AfterHour acknowledge that the Terms are concluded between you and AfterHour only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application or the Content;
2. The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of these Terms as they are applicable to the Services;
3. You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control;
4. You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application;
5. In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure; upon notification, Apple's sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application;
6. You acknowledge and agree that AfterHour, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application;
7. You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, AfterHour, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such infringement claim;
8. You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
9. Both you and AfterHour acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will comply with any applicable third-party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use; and
10. Both you and AfterHour acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple's subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third-party beneficiary hereof.

## What else do I need to know?

_Warranty Disclaimer__._ AfterHour and its licensors, suppliers, partners, parent, subsidiaries or affiliated entities, and each of their respective officers, directors, members, employees, consultants, contract employees, representatives and agents, and each of their respective successors and assigns (AfterHour and all such parties together, the "AfterHour Parties") make no representations or warranties concerning the Services, including without limitation regarding any Content contained in or accessed through the Services, and the AfterHour Parties will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services or any claims, actions, suits procedures, costs, expenses, damages or liabilities arising out of use of, or in any way related to your participation in, the Services. The AfterHour Parties make no representations or warranties regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products offered or purchased through or in connection with the Services. THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED BY AFTERHOUR (AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

_No Advice._ You understand that AfterHour does not provide nor offer any personal, legal, tax, accounting or financial planning advice. You should contact an investment, financial, legal and/or tax professional prior to making financial or investment decisions, and you acknowledge and agree that you will not rely on the Services to direct your financial decisions. Further, you agree to take full responsibility for any decisions or actions you take (or authorize third parties to take) on your behalf based on your access to, use of, or information obtained from the Services. The Content on the Services is for informational purposes only and AfterHour does not represent that the products or services described on the Services, nor the Content, are reliable investment advice nor suitable for any specific user or available in all locations.

You agree and understand that AfterHour or persons acting on AfterHour's behalf DO NOT:

1. provide recommendations or endorsements of any security, transaction, or order, or other matter connected with your Financial Accounts, nor do they nor will they advise you about the merits or any action or investment decision relating to your account or any security you hold;

1. verify, confirm, or agree to the accuracy of any content or data provided by users, including any Content in their posts;

1. produce or provide research to any user regarding any security, transaction, or order;

1. have any involvement with the financial services offered by users' Financial Accounts, including, among others, the opening, maintenance, administration, or closing of accounts, or the solicitation, processing or facilitation of transactions of any kind relating to accounts;

1. hold itself out as providing investment or securities-related services.

_Risks._ You acknowledge and understand that all investments involve risk, that losses may exceed the principal invested, and that the past performance of a security, industry, sector, market, or financial product does not guarantee future results or returns. You are solely responsible for all investment decisions, associated with your Financial Accounts or otherwise, including any risks in connection with the purchase or sale of securities (which includes the risk of loss). You are solely responsible for knowing the rights and terms for all securities purchased, sold and maintained in your linked Financial Accounts including mergers, reorganizations, stock splits, name changes or symbol changes, dividends, option symbols, and option deliverables.

_Limitation of Liability_. AfterHour is not liable in any way for any loss or damage arising from (a) any inaccuracy, error, delay, or omission, (b) non-performance, or (c) interruption in the Service, APIs, or a loss of User Content or data. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL ANY OF THE AFTERHOUR PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, (B) ANY SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGY, (C) ANY AMOUNT, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF (I) ONE-HUNDRED ($100) DOLLARS OR (II) THE AMOUNTS PAID AND/OR PAYABLE BY YOU TO AFTERHOUR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THIS APPLICABLE CLAIM OR (D) ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

_Indemnity_. You agree to indemnify and hold the AfterHour Parties harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys' fees) arising from or in any way related to any claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a third party using your account), and (b) your violation of these Terms. In the event of such a claim, suit, or action ("Claim"), we will attempt to provide notice of the Claim to the contact information we have for your account (provided that failure to deliver such notice shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligations hereunder).

_Assignment_. You may not assign, delegate or transfer these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder, or your Services account, in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without AfterHour's prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations without consent.

_Choice of Law_. These Terms are governed by and will be construed under the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.

_Arbitration Agreement__._Please read the following ARBITRATION AGREEMENT carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with AfterHour and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from AfterHour. Both you and AfterHour acknowledge and agree that for the purposes of any dispute arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms, AfterHour's officers, directors, employees and independent contractors ("Personnel") are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Personnel will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third-party beneficiary hereof.

_(a) Arbitration Rules; Applicability of Arbitration Agreement_. The parties shall use their best efforts to settle any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms directly through good-faith negotiations, which shall be a precondition to either party initiating arbitration.If such negotiations do not resolve the dispute, it shall be finally settled by binding arbitration in San Francisco County, California. The arbitration will proceed in the English language, in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the "Rules") then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes. The arbitrator shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with such Rules. Judgment upon the award rendered by such arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

(b) _Costs of Arbitration_. The Rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. AfterHour will pay all arbitration fees for claims less than seventy-five thousand ($75,000) dollars. AfterHour will not seek its attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous.

(c) _Small Claims Court; Infringement_. Either you or AfterHour may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in San Francisco County, California or any United States county where you live or work. Furthermore, notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to arbitrate disputes, each party shall have the right to pursue injunctive or other equitable relief at any time, from any court of competent jurisdiction, to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party's copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights.

(d) _Waiver of Jury Trial_. YOU AND AFTERHOUR WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR JURY. You and AfterHour are instead choosing to have claims and disputes resolved by arbitration. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient, and less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In any litigation between you and AfterHour over whether to vacate or enforce an arbitration award, YOU AND AFTERHOUR WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, and elect instead to have the dispute be resolved by a judge.

(e) _Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions_. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS. CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. If however, this waiver of class or consolidated actions is deemed invalid or unenforceable, neither you nor AfterHour is entitled to arbitration; instead all claims and disputes will be resolved in a court as set forth in (g) below.

(f) _Opt-out_. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Section by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the following address: 2261 Market Street #4724, San Francisco, CA 94114 postmarked within thirty (30) days of first accepting these Terms. You must include (i) your name and residence address, (ii) the email address and/or telephone number associated with your account, and (iii) a clear statement that you want to opt out of these Terms' arbitration agreement.

(g) _Exclusive Venue_. If you send the opt-out notice in (f), and/or in any circumstances where the foregoing arbitration agreement permits either you or AfterHour to litigate any dispute arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms in court, then the foregoing arbitration agreement will not apply to either party, and both you and AfterHour agree that any judicial proceeding (other than small claims actions) will be brought in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, San Francisco County, California, or the federal district in which that county falls.

(h) _Severability_. If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this Arbitration Agreement section will be null and void. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with AfterHour.

_Miscellaneous_. You will be responsible for paying, withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties, and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services, provided that the AfterHour may, in its sole discretion, do any of the foregoing on your behalf or for itself as it sees fit. The failure of either you or us to exercise, in any way, any right herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of these Terms are found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated, to the minimum extent necessary, so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. You and AfterHour agree that these Terms are the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding between you and AfterHour, and that these Terms supersede and cancel all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are not an employee, agent, partner, or joint venture of AfterHour, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind AfterHour in any respect whatsoever.

Except as expressly set forth in the sections above regarding the Apple Application and the arbitration agreement, you and AfterHour agree there are no third-party beneficiaries intended under these Terms.
